I’ve been writing this blog for SO long that I feel like some of my all-time favorite recipes are sort of in the dark depths of the archives…with terrible, terrible photos. From time to time during this year I’m going to be re-shooting these recipes, giving them a bit of a re-do.
There were so many chilly winter days when I would come home and my mom would be in front of the television picking the leaves off of the cilantro leaves. A lot of times she would ask us to help to make the process go faster. We’d sit there with her and pick the leaves off of the cilantro as she asked how our day went. It’s feels almost like folding laundry but way less annoying.
If you feel a lil’ cold coming on or want a pick-me-up that’ll make you feel all warm and cozy inside, this soup is it!
My head is stuffed up, my nose is clogged, and my ears hurt (hello ear ache!). Yeah, I’m sick. UGH!
Growing up this is the soup my mama would make me to make things all better. So, this post comes straight from her mama heart through me. JUST like that scene at the end of Ghost, you know? When Whoopi let’s Patrick Swayze take over her body so Demi can get her last dance. JUST like that. So, basically this is my mom giving you this recipe (through me). Weird, right?
Also, if you’re one of those people who tastes soap when you eat cilantro, I’m totally intrigued by you. Like, fascinated…say hi. I wanna know you.
HIIII! It’s 2019. Good gracious. I had a wonderful break full of family, Peru, reflection and rest and relaxation.
I spent the long weekend trying to get my pantry drama together and organize my spices. I always find great comfort in what organizing and a label-maker provide me. Lol.
Now that we’re here and ready for the year, I feel like we can dive into some recipes that belong in our January repertoire. The month of January is always full of healthy-ish recipes and food that brings me comfort because it’s cold!! (even in Los Angeles). Here’s a collection of some recipes that will be on repeat this month.
Aguadito – I always describe this as Peruvian Pho. It’s not exactly like Pho obviously, but it’s similar due to how herbaceous and lime-y it is. It also cures a cold with a quickness! I always make it with rice but you can add quinoa, too.
I realize that my happy place is really simple: after a workout, I love to eat dinner, take a shower and then put on fluffy sweats (I currently live in a Vans sweatshirt my brother got me for Christmas). And then I like to get in bed and edit tons of photos while I watch trashy reality TV (right this second: Real Housewives of Atlanta). I do this and am usually like, “This is happiness.” It’s my favorite time of day!
As I was about to post this, I realized that I’m one cupcake recipe after another—very unlike me! But I know you all will forgive me because these taste dramatically different from the espresso cupcakes. And they’re a million times easier to decorate!
These are mojito-flavored, so they’re bright and zesty and a lil’ bit boozy. These cupcakes are from Pretty Dish.
This week buried me alive. Last night I un-RSVP’d myself from Alana’s Halloween party that I’ve been excited about for WEEKS. But I could barely move and my feet were killing me. I took a shower and got in bed and slept for twelve straight hours and now feel like I can concur the world…but first, warm chocolate orange morning rolls.
These rolls on a Saturday morning make everything better. They are soft and warm and delicious. The combo of orange and chocolate will forever be a favorite of mine. It is classic Holiday vibes but I really feel like we should make space to enjoy them year around.
The filling is gently spiced with some cinnamon and all-spice. The orange flavor comes from some fresh orange zest that is put on top of that filling.
This recipe was living on this IG post, but IG decided that this recipe is way too long to fit into a caption—who knew?!
So, I decided to put it on this blog for easy-reading and printing!
I learned a lot of lessons from making these cupcakes. The number one thing: if you’re a creative person, surround yourself with people who will be brutal with you. It’s important.
After attempting to make buttercream roses last year and getting super frustrated, I gave up. But last month, I decided to do my research, get the right piping tip (hello Wilton #104 is your friend) and try again. I piped out one “rose” and I thought it looked pretty good. I texted it to Billy and asked him how it looked. I was assuming he was gonna go, “GREAT! YOU’RE SO TALENTED!” Instead, this man goes, “these look like foreskins.”
UMM OK! THANKS!
But the more I looked at them, the more I agreed. The more I was thankful to my friend for telling me the truth before I put a whole dozen of foreskin-looking cupcakes out into the blogsphere. He saved me, you know? Very grateful.
It’s a simple change that transformed them from foreskin to petals!! AMAZING!
The cupcakes themselves taste like fluffy, clouds of espresso. I used my new Nespresso machine (more on that soon!). It’s so beautiful and looks gorgeous in the new kitchen. But feel free to head to your local coffee shop and buy a double shot of espresso. We use it in the cupcake batter and the frosting itself.
I’ve finally decided that I love white cakes that have butter and oil. All butter cakes can sometimes be a bit too dry. And all oil cakes are always missing that butter flavor. So, here we are, with one of my favorite white cakes. It has both: butter and oil. Not too heavy, not too oil, not too dry. Just right.
These cupcakes act like a cappuccino. The espresso batter is at the bottom of the cupcake and the top is “foam.”
You may think we have to make two batters but I would never do that to us. We make one batter, divide it into two and fold espresso into one of the bowls. The two different kinds of batter is layered and that’s it!
The buttercream is rose-colored but tastes like espresso. It’s glorious.
If you need some more tutorial help re: the buttercream flowers, this Youtube video is super helpful. Here are the supplies I used:
I think I can speak for all of us when I say that the best part of making cookies is trying the dough right after it’s all mixed up. I do this every.single.time. And often times, have to stop myself from eating huge balls of cookie dough because, well, it can lead to a bit of a tummy ache and, um, really needs to be baked because you shouldn’t eat raw eggs! But I found a solution! Actually, the solution found me.
Enter: Just Cookie Dough. Crafted by a team of Michelin-starred chefs, it is egg-free, dairy-free, non-GMO cookie dough and contains no artificial flavors or high-fructose corn syrup. It’s safe to eat raw or bake it up. Whatever you prefer, you can feel good about indulging in Just Cookie Dough. I also love their Just Mayo and Just Dressing.
In fact, I use their mayo a few times a week because it is SO good. If you check my “highlights” on Insta Stories, I shared my favorite tuna salad with arugula and Just Mayo is what I use.
Just Cookie Dough is available in three delicious flavors – Chocolate Chip, Birthday Cake and Chocolate Mint. For this recipe I decided to use the birthday cake flavor. It’s buttery, filled with the perfect amount of sprinkles and has that wonderful vanilla flavor that funfetti cakes have. I wanted to put the cookie dough in something where it would be appreciated; I figured sundaes would be perfect.
The best part about this cookie dough is that it stays nice and soft when it freezes in the ice cream. I was afraid that it would be rock hard (the way normal cookie dough is when it freezes) and it’s not. Just Cookie Dough has that wonderful chewy characteristic that you won’t find in other store-bought cookie doughs.
The ice cream is no-churn so it’s super simple. It can be made with a stand-up mixer or a hand mixer—no special equipment needed!
Since this ice cream includes whipped cream, I encourage you to let it freeze completely overnight—it makes for the best texture.
The chocolate drizzle is a mixture of dark chocolate and coconut oil and it’s so good and crunchy. It hardens the minute it hits the cold ice cream. Top it with some whipped cream, sprinkles and a cherry and it’ll make any summer day that much more awesome!
This coconut lemon petal cake has been on my to-make list for a looooong time. And since I’m super excited for spring–even though we’re not even out of February yet–I decided to make it and get a lil’ bit of a jump start on the season.
While this cake is a test in patience (yes, admittedly it takes some time), the topping is actually super easy to do. No real special skills needed. The thing you have to have is a small spoon OR better yet, a small offset spatula.
Not going to lie, this cake is a bit of a labor of love. Between the lemon curd, cake layers and buttercream, there’s a good amount of things to make. I like to make lemon curd and frosting the day before so I can knock it out and just spend most of my time assembling and decorating. Dividing up the work really helps.
Spring has sprung and I am INTO IT. I am in full baking maniac-mode and it’s so fun. I love making things with spring flavors and spring produce. It makes me so happy. I especially am very into making things with Easter in mind, considering it’s one of my favorite holidays to cook/bake for. I’ve been wanting to make a coconut cake for a loooong time and figured adding toasted almonds to it would make it a million times better. I was right!
For this post, I teamed up with ALDI you know that it is the best place to stock up on baking ingredients. I always go there and buy double, triple of everything. On this particular trip, I went and purchased organic brown eggs, flour, sugar, coconut flakes, almonds and cream cheese. It was a one-stop shop for all things cute. I also baked it in this 9×9-inch Crofton Speckled Bakeware square pan that was super cute.
The thing that takes this cake from good to great is toasting the coconut flakes and slivered almonds. Toasting anything always seems to bring out the best quality in the ingredient, and these are no exception.
This cake is my favorite combination: part oil, part butter. For a long time, I exclusively made all-butter cakes but I’ve since changed my tune. I think oil adds a moistness and softness that can’t really be achieved by all butter. And butter really adds a rich delicious flavor. The two work seamlessly together in cakes.
The thing that makes this cake super beautiful is obviously the buttercream flowers. They’re gorgeous but totally not necessary. If you’re strapped for time, or just feeling a little lazy, skip them and smother the frosting all over the top, make some swoops and serve it to your friends!
Let me just say that I cannot believe I don’t have a recipe for regular Alfajores on this entire blog. It shook me to my core. A long time ago, I posted a recipe for Mini Alfajores but I don’t have just regular size ones.
Also, I am now a very grown woman and am a whole lot better at baking so I think this recipe is definitely superior. I’ve played with the cookie a bit and am very into this ratio. A lot of Alfajores are made just corn starch but I’ve always felt like they were a bit too chaulky for me. So this is a nice in between.
It has some flour, some corn starch and powdered sugar (which obviously has corn starch in it). And added egg yolk gives it a nice richness and since I was feeling fancy, I used some vanilla paste, which I use incredibly sparingly since it’s so expensive (but has recently gone down in price).
I feel like I’ve been gone forever but what happened was…I got the flu last week and it hit me so hard I could barely move. It was the absolute worst but luckily I was able to take a few days to recover. I always think getting sick might be kinda relaxing and peaceful but honestly it’s horrible. The pain and body aches and chills are so not worth the “time off.” It also induced some serious anxiety because I fell so behind on work so now I’m fervently trying to keep up.
The crust is a bit softer than a pie crust but still super flaky and delicious. I did this by adding a bit of egg and milk to the dough vs. water.
I was going to call these pop tarts but after tasting a few, I decided they’re a bit too sweet for breakfast. They’re definitely dessert!
Crinkle cookies have always been super illusive to me. How do they crinkle? Why do they crinkle? Are they good? Would Berry Crinkle Cookies be delicious?
I have to say, they’ve always looked good to me. But how would they taste, I would question? The answer is…kinda good! I mean the chocolate ones are delicious. Like chocolate cake-y cookies. What could be bad about them? Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
These get blitzed in a blender with sugar and then you have a lovely powder type texture.
And then it’s normal from here on out. What we did find from our numerous tests that oil worked way better than butter in these types of cookies. Butter created steam, resulting in a cookie with wet powdered sugar on the outside. It made sense once we figured that out but for the first few rounds we were like, “why is the powdered sugar wet?!?!” Duh.
They’re a wonderful berry flavor that really comes through.
We love these and hope you do too!
xoxo,
gossip girl/
Adrianna
I’ve recently (re)discovered books on tape and this has leadled to some incredible and entertaining walks with Amelia. Even though I should be paying 100% attention to the story being told to me through my headphones, my mind still wanders off and I naturally start thinking about…food, always. Last week, specifically: Valentine’s Day foods.
For this post, I teamed up with ALDI. The place that is always my- go-to for all of my baking and cooking needs. They’re always so affordable and the ingredients are high-quality. This particular recipe is gluten-free (YAY!), utilizing their new almond flour that is available starting February 13th.
Before we dive into the recipe, I’d like for you to know a surprising fact about me. I love creating foods for my all-time favorite commercial holiday: Valentine’s Day. Maybe I like it because I can use all the pink my heart desires? Or maybe because cheese can be used as a form of affection? Not sure, but either way, it’s become my favorite.
I love to create cakes and cupcakes and other dishes that take a while to make, but every year I also try to share something that can be made in a super short amount of time. Like last year, and the year before that, Valentine’s Day lands on a weekday. This means dessert has to be fast! This is it.
Here are the reasons I love this recipe:
This recipe technically serves two but can easily be halved and you can share the lava cake.
The almond flour in these lava cakes adds such a delicious texture and flavor. Nutty and toothsome.
They are simple yet not boring. My favorite combo in life. Give ‘em a try and let me know how it goes.
xoxo,
Let’s talk about conchas! Also known as pan dulce aka sweet bread.
When I moved back to California after I graduated college, I realized I literally knew nothing about Mexican food. I, of course, had eaten a good amount of Mexican food when I lived in the OC as a little kid. But I don’t think I understood what I was eating. I also don’t think we ate a huge variety of Mexican food. And to be honest, my mom cooked most of the meals we ate. We weren’t a super “go-out-to-eat” type of family. That woman was on a budget!
When I finally moved back to Los Angeles, after college, I started to really understand and learn the different varieties of Mexican food and it was cool. I learned the differences between food from Baja, Mexico City, Colima, the Yucatan and Oaxaca. And my actual trips to Mexico have been even more educational.
One of my favorite places I went to in Mexico City was a panadería where they served the warmest, freshest conchas with the crispiest tops.
The top is crunchy and crisp, the bottom half, fluffy and soft. They’re typically eaten at breakfast time with a mug of hot chocolate or coffee.
While conchas are for sure Mexican, their origins go back to Europe. Many panaderias were influenced by the French, who migrated there for who knows why, bringing their doughs and techniques to Mexico. Mexican chefs adapted these doughs and created many of the goods you see in panaderias today.
People keep talking about summer coming to an end but it is still ridiculously hot in Los Angeles. And there are still summer fruits at the market thriving so we’re still in summer and I’m ok with that.
And what is more summer than a hamburger cake? It is super cute and surprisingly easy to put together. No crazy piping skills needed. I will say that it’s component heavy and a bit laborious so I wouldn’t judge you if you went the cake mix route for this one since it’s such a project.
You can also make the cake layers a few days before or even a week ahead. I’m thinking of doing a post on how to make a cake ahead of time because you all ask about this so much and I totally get it! Its way easier to make the cake layers the week ahead and then frost it the day you need it. Doing it all in one day is too much! So that post is coming soon.
In the meantime, enjoy this lil’ hamburger cake.
Even though I was born in the South (hi Fulton county), my love for biscuits didn’t begin until I went to high school and would leave my four hour tennis practices depleted and hungry. Luckily there was a Popeyes right by the courts, but I never wanted to ruin my dinner completely so instead of getting chicken and a whole plate, I’d just order two biscuits with a side of butter and honey. Oh man, they were SO good.
That experience turned me into a hardcore biscuit-loving human. I love biscuits of all kinds but to be honest, ones made with shortening are it! And guess what, I’ve never baked them. I’ve always opted for full butter. And yes, they’re good, delicious even, but they’re not like this. I’m here to say that if you’re shy to bake with shortening, so was I but we’re here together, let’s do it!!
Last week I had the pleasure of going to lunch with Carla Hall and she was so amazing. We talked for a few hours about all sorts of things. I’m not gonna lie, I was a little nervous before, but once I sat down I was like, why was I so stressed?! She’s such a beautiful person, even better in person than what you see and know from TV.
The book feels like her: warm and approachable. The recipes aren’t all heavy and indulgent. The book divides the recipes into “Everyday” and “Celebration.” A lot of the recipes are vegetable-driven, which I love. The Sorghum with Butternut Squash, Onion, Celery and Toasted Pumpkin Seeds looks SO good. The Curried Sweet Potato Salad sounds like a lovely twist on an old classic. But I had to make these biscuits because they looked bomb!
What I do love about this recipe is that it uses shortening and butter so you have the flavor of butter but a texture that you can only get with shortening. It’s glorious. The recipe calls for trans-free shortening. I found some at Whole Foods that is by the brand Spectrum that was fair-trade as well.
These biscuits are SO good. Their texture is dreamy. Like little fluffy clouds. I’m making them for Thanksgiving for sure, and so should you.
Easter is coming at us fast! Is it just me or does this year feel extra early? My brain is used to Easter happening well into the month of April.
I’m excited to head to Mexico City (!!!) this weekend and I’m even more excited that I’ll be home just in time for the festivities. These biscuits (and ham) are on my top priority lists to make/eat this Easter. I hope they find their way to your table too!
I headed to ALDI to pick up the spiral sliced ham (seriously so affordable), eggs, smoked gouda and a bunch of other things that are essential for your Easter experience.
I’m going to be very honest and tell you I’ve never made a ham before. It couldn’t have been easier. You just stick in the oven for a few hours, add some glaze in the last 30 minutes of baking, which I doctored up to have some spices like ginger and cinnamon, and that’s really it. The ham itself was super hands off!
Now let’s talk about these biscuits. The few times my parents made a ham for Easter/Christmas, there were always lots leftover. My vote is to make these biscuits, stick them in the freezer and have them ready to go. The smoked gouda in these biscuits IS so good. And of course, if you like, you can add some grated cheddar.
ALDI sells KerryGold Irish cheddar that I almost put in these but decided to go the smoked gouda route. But really any path you choose will be a-ok. The biscuits are built by adding a smear of mustard to one side of the biscuit, a piece of cold or warm ham, a bit of glaze and that’s it. It’s a glorious breakfast.
I’m going to be completely honest and say that St. Patrick’s Day is one of those holidays that I don’t celebrate. I never have. I don’t drink green beer, I don’t eat Irish food, I don’t pinch people (please don’t touch me ever lol) and I always forget to wear green. But I do love bread. And I love Irish soda bread.
Irish soda bread has the most humblest of beginnings. It was made during time when it was difficult to access high-quality ingredients. It was simple: low-protein flour, “soda” aka baking soda (for leavening), soured milk and…umm…that’s it!
This is what I like to call reworked Irish soda bread. It has a bit of cold grated butter, some rolled oats for texture. And instead of raisins, I added chocolate chips because I love myself.
This loaf was a hot mess the first go around because I was silly enough to forget the baking soda. Like, I had a literal blank moment where I thought I added it but when it didn’t rise or brown or anything after 45 minutes of baking, I knew something was majorly wrong.
I made it again and made sure to add the baking soda first. Problem solved.
I added a bit of honey butter onto a warm slice and it tasted like heaven.
What was the first thing you ever baked?
It’s fun to think about because you prob don’t think about it all that often. The first thing I ever baked was probably a batch of alfajores with my mom and Tia Emilia. Or it might’ve been a Duncan Hines cake from a box with my mom. I can’t remember but it was definitely one of those!
The third thing I ever baked was probably beer bread because a friend of mine told me that it was something I couldn’t possibly mess up and she was right. It is one of those things that requires a handful of ingredients and absolutely no kitchen skills at all.
These are beer bread but in biscuit form! I applied biscuit-technique to beer bread so instead of adding melted butter, which beer bread usually calls for, we’re using cold butter all grated up.
And then I added a ton of scallions and finely grated cheddar cheese. They’re flaky and beer-like (in a good way!) and the perfect thing to dip into big bowl of soup.
The soup pictured is the chorizo-spiced soup from The Year of Cozy and it’s still one of my favorite soups ever because it’s spicy and flavorful and light.
I love strawberry shortcake, biscuit-style.
When I was doing some brain-storming a few weeks ago, I turned to Billy and said, “What if I made a big-ass biscuit and layered it with strawberries and sweet, softly whipped cream?!” He nodded YAS.
And here we are. You might be mentally preparing for Mother’s Day brunch. It’s actually one of my favorite times of the year because brunching is in high gear. And we’re not all sweating yet.
I made these gigantic ol’ biscuits in two 8-inch cake pans to “guide” the size of the biscuit but really you can do it on a baking sheet.
I love the debate of egg vs. no egg in biscuits. I nerded out on that Food52 article and was VERY flattered they used my biscuit recipe as an example.
I’ve been really itching to try a shortening + no egg biscuit. But for this one, it definitely needed an egg so that it had a better structure. Because it’s so big, it needs some help in that department.
ALSO, the trick to assembling this is to really let the biscuit cool completely so you can slice it and move it around.
A bread knife really helps with slicing this biscuit.
I found a pancake spatula to be the easiest way to move it around. The slices aren’t perfect or pretty but I figured I’d include a photo because, as a blogger, I like to live an authentic life lol and give you guys a good idea of how the slices will actually look. They won’t be GORGEOUS but who cares.
I say slice it up the best you can and serve them in bowls. And if you served it with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, no one would be mad at that either.
Another thing to know: this is best assembled and then served. The whipped cream can sometimes break if it sits for too long. Another alternative is to use Cool Whip which really can sit for as long as you like but, you know, isn’t organic or natural AT ALL so proceed with caution.
This is the time of year where Los Angeles weather is totally erratic. One day it’ll be 90 degrees and then two days later you’l need a sweater and some hot coffee to get your day started. By now, I know which one I get excited about.
I’m currently wearing a sweater so I feel like it’s appropriate to discuss this chai-spiced apple skillet cake with you all. I wanted to provide a recipe that is super easy. Something that you can throw together in a one, two steps max. This skillet cake is it!
It’s baked up in a cast iron skillet. If you don’t have a cast iron (I believe it’s a kitchen must-have), you can definitely bake this in a 9-inch cake pan too.
I’ve been spending a lot of time writing down fall/autumn/Thanksgiving (yes, T-Day) ideas that I can’t wait to make. This was one of the first things I wrote down on the list. When we baked it up, I was like yes yes yes. It is so simple and easy breezy and is beautiful enough where you’d be proud to put it on a dining room table.
I completely forgot to post a ’10 Cozy Things to Make in April’! WHAA! I don’t get where my brain was but it wasn’t working apparently. Easter is next weekend so I figured I’d skip to what you should make for Easter vs. April.
TBH I don’t even know what I’m doing for Easter. Josh is throwing a pop-up and I’ve promised to be the hostess and make the flower arrangements.
I’m guessing I’ll be totally exhausted and will most likely wanna stay in bed. We shall see!
This is the first ever trifle I’ve ever made! Some of you will probably be shocked, appalled, stunned. And the other half of you probably don’t know what a trifle is. Don’t worry, I will explain.
In my extensive trifle internet research I read that trifles are very much English. And they do very much remind me of an eton’s mess. But just on a grander, larger scale, which I am very into. Especially since we’re in the thick of spring, which means Easter, brunches and gatherings.
For this post, I teamed up with Pyrex and their new line of Pyrex Deep baking dishes. I love Pyrex so much and use their products daily. Their Deep line is extra special because it is up to 50% deeper – meaning you can fit even more pasta (for pasta bakes), a bigger roast (for Easter) and even more layers (for trifles).
I also love that they all come with super secure lids so you can take to your friends’ and families’ houses and you don’t have to worry about spillage.
I love all of their products; everything from their glass dishes for storing leftovers to measuring cups—they’re all amazing and affordable. These fit in well with the rest of my collection. 😃
This trifle is a deliciously colorful choice for Easter, and the best part about it is that it can be assembled a few hours before. Or just before. It also can be super streamlined. Meaning, you can buy the pound cake. Or buy the lemon curd. Of course, I provided recipes for both but feel free to store-buy both or one. Or make both!
Options! They are the best.
This Instant Pot Braised Lamb Shank smells like Sunday dinner. You know that smell…like sautéed onions, something braising in spices. The sounds are different than the smells. They’re of steam rising, some sort of adult-friendly jazz or salsa playing, and mom is screaming at you to set the table. Or at the very least, take the trash out because it’s gotten full. People are coming over and it’s time for the kitchen to go from used up to presentable. And you need to be presentable, too, so put on something nice; your Sunday best is preferred.
My mother was the best at braising things. She was also incredible at delegating and making everyone do what needed to get done. She was doing the most so it was only fair.
For this post, I teamed up with McCormick to show you how to make Easter Sunday smell and taste amazingly delicious. And to make it as easy as possible, this whole thing is made in an Instant Pot.
The Instant Pot makes this dish come together SO fast and easy. The lamb shanks are smothered in a spice mixture full of sea salt, garlic powder, cumin, coriander, mustard and black pepper. It’s seared and then placed in the Instant Pot with tomatoes and a chipotle in adobo. It’s braised with some carrots, onion and garlic.
While it was in the Instant Pot doing its thing, I made this potato dish, piped out some deviled eggs and gathered some pretty flowers from the backyard. It was easy as can be.
When I released the pressure and lifted up the lid, the smell of spices and flavor engulfed the entire kitchen and I knew it was going to be amazing.
I garnished the lamb shanks with a bit of diced white onion, cilantro and radishes. Just like I would a taco. And if you some how have a batch of tortillas in your fridge, I think warming them up and placing them right next to this lamb would be a very good move.
I had a full-blown, real, non-working weekend. There was a good dose of working out, dinner at a newly-opened neighborhood restaurant (highly recommend it)! I helped my friend Hourie with her charity bakesale that was sold out in an hour (!!!). There was also loads of salsa and smoothies and working out.
Moving onto cakes, specifically this one. Easter is this weekend, which really is the kickoff to spring brunches. There’s Mother’s Day and spring weather, which makes for ideal brunching-weather.
If you love cakes but can’t find the energy/skillz to decorate them, then the whole ‘sheet cake category’ is for you. They are ridiculously easy. All you’ll need is a proper spatula and a handful of sprinkles.
This strawberry + rhubarb sheet cake is the complete opposite of this Neapolitan number. That cake requires a few cups of coffee and some concentration (or at least the decorating part does).
This cake is made up of the most delicious white/strawberry cake combo ever. I could eat it over and over. And the rhubarb frosting is delicious tart and smooth.
The whole recipe begins with the strawberries and rhubarb sharing a baking sheet and roasting together but separately.
Then they’re blended up, separately, but I didn’t bother to rinse the blender because I was being lazy.
This is a lazy-friendly cake.
After it was done cooling, I added all of the frosting to the top, smoothed that shit out and threw some sprinkles on and called it a day!
It was glorious and I hope it finds a place on your spring-table soon.
xo
Adrianna
Does the internet need another blueberry muffin? Absolutely not. But this is my story and my blog and I make what I want. Lol.
All kidding aside, I wanted a blueberry muffin recipe that I could whip up when people came over. I wanted a very good blueberry muffin recipe!
But I had some particulars:
I wanted it to be moist, not dry and gross. I wanted the top to be crispy and delicious. I wanted that bakery-style domed top that is so hard to achieve but looks so beautiful. And I wanted it to be easy, easy!
Well, good news is that most muffins are super easy to make. This one is super simple: wet ingredients are poured into dry ingredients. Using both butter and oil mean good flavor (hello butter) and oil means they’re super moist.
The wonderful dome topping is due to two things: resting the batter for at least an hour, but ideally overnight. And having the oven set to 400 degrees for the first 7 minutes. The high temperature creates steam, making the muffins super puffy.
The muffin is then baked for the remaining time at 350 degrees F. The crunchy top is thanks to the high temperature and a bit of turbinado sugar.
And that’s it! Those two little things contribute to this super delicious muffin.
I am back from my honeymoon!! YAY! I am so excited to share some photos with you all soon. Japan was incredible. Hawaii was fun. But like whenever I am coming home, I’m happy to be home. I have a broken computer still—the saga seems to be never-ending—but it should be fixed by the end of the week. I rented a laptop for the week from some place in Hollywood and I feel like a new woman with this computer. I can do anything!
Since I wasn’t able to post while I was gone—even tho I shot a bunch of content so this blog here wouldn’t go dark—I have a bunch of stuff that I want to share. Like a ton of recipes that are gonna come at you very quickly!
The first up are these cookies. They are SO good and so tasty. We can’t go and put real fresh strawberries and cookies because then they’ll be all soggy and gross. That’s where freeze-dried strawberries come into play. They are delicious and pack a huge strawberry flavor punch. The “cream” comes from the white chocolate.
I used to give white chocolate some major side-eye but now I’m warming up to it, trying to like it. I think context is everything and in these cookies, the white chocolate is good. In other things…meh. We’ll see.
I feel like I’m so out of it right now, trying to play catch up. Like are we in full blown summer mode. Are we bbq-ing yet? I haven’t been invited to one yet. The past month has been a blur but it’s been so much fun. Can’t wait to share more soon!
xoxo,
Adrianna
What do you do for Easter?
Growing up, we never had Easter baskets filled with money and candy. And my mom never coordinated Easter egg hunts. I think Latino humans don’t do that; mainly because Easter is super serious business. There’s no time for mascots and games. He has risen! You know?
Instead we’d have lots of cooking and family over and we’d always, always go to mass. It was the most crowded long mass of the entire year and usually I was dreaming about the free donuts that they’d hand out in the parking lot.
And when we’d get home, I’d happily change out of my often-times-dressy outfit and put on shorts and a t-shirt and start eating. It was always the best day ever and I’m sort of excited about maybe having a bit of an Easter brunch next weekend. We shall see if I can get it together…
What did you all growing up doing (if at all)?
I’ve been busy planning out the rest of April and May, trying to get ahead of the game a bit in terms of work. I’m not sure why exactly, it’s not like I have some sort of crazy trip planned or anything but when I’m in the mood for work and am energized, I realize I have to seize it.
In other news, let’s talk about this cookie! It’s so simple and easy to throw together. It’s a basic, simple chocolate chip cookie recipe with chopped up Cadbury eggs folded into the dough and then I put it all in a cast iron skillet.
It’s a big gigantic Easter cookie that can be whipped up in in no time. I hope you give it a try and have a very relaxing weekend.
I’m trying one last time to give these cappuccino cupcakes a go and then I have some social events to go to—fun-ish!
xo
Adrianna
Running this blog has taught me so much about people’s allergies and diets. Every time I post, there are usually a few questions like,  “can I make this nut free?” “can I make this without eggs?”  “can I make this meal more plant-based?”
A lot of times it’s hard for me to answer those questions because I never test recipes with variations like that, which makes it tough to get a confident, firm answer. That’s why I’m so excited with today’s post. For this post, I teamed up with JUST to show you their new product that literally blew my mind.
It is an egg-free scramble. It tastes like eggs, it scrambles like eggs and looks exactly like eggs, but it’s magic ingredient? The 4,400 year old legume called mung bean. It’s a delicious, protein-packed, non-GMO, cholesterol-free product that cooks and tastes like a chicken egg.
You simply pour it out into a non-stick skillet and cook it like you would regular scrambled eggs. It’s super simple. The color comes from carrot extract and turmeric. The texture is literally identical—it’s wild (watch this video to learn more!). I love watching the people’s reactions.
I decided to throw a delicious, low-key and easy brunch together that’s also allergen-friendly and plant-based. Everyone has a different diet these days but it’s actually a lot easier to accommodate these preferences than you think. In fact, you might be surprised how much better your meal tastes by doing so!
For brunch, I scrambled Just Egg and put it in my favorite tortillas, paired it up with a watermelon fruit salad, along with heirloom tomato pico de gallo and iced coffees because summer! It was glorious and delicious and didn’t taste one bit differently than your egg breakfast taco.
I remember being a little girl and going with my mom to the Estée Lauder counter, watching her try on lipsticks, perfume and buying compacts of powder. I always acquainted it to my mama looking so pretty and majestic. That’s why even now, Estée has always been one of the go-tos (their Advanced Night Repair Serum is something I’ve worn for like 5 years straight—I love it!).
I was super pumped when I got the opportunity to create three cocktails inspired by their classic fragrance, Modern Muse.
The smell is so fresh and clean and lightly floral. I know a lot of women are loving more musky smells nowadays but I always and forever want to smell like I just showered and then ran through a field of flowers.
When I smelled Modern Muse for the first time, I immediately loved the freshness with hints of jasmine and honeysuckle in the scent. I wanted to create cocktails that were inspired by the smells but still tasting super delicious.
Here are the smells and feelings from the scent that inspired the cocktails:
1. Hints of jasmine.
2. Light floral notes like honey suckle.
3. A refreshing aroma that felt like a warm day (but not too warm!).
And then here’s what I made:
1. Jasmine Spritz
2. Chamomile Bee’s Knees
3. Frozen Guava Rum Punch
The jasmine spritz is lightly floral with a lovely subtle sweetness. I like to use a nice floral-ish gin too!
The chamomile bee’s knees is so refreshing. This is one of my favorite cocktails because it’s easy to make in a big batch. Just put ice in it right before you’re ready to serve it.
OMG and lastly, the frozen guava rum punch. At Latin markets, they’ll sell guava paste in these blocks and they are SO good. I added it to a blender with a bit of warm water to create a paste and then everything goes in after that.
I used a vintage Cuban rum that I got as a gift and it was DELICIOUS!
The recipes are over on Estée Lauder’s site. And here’s a link to the fragrance, which has now become a new staple in my fragrance rotation.
Phew! We are on the home stretch with the kitchen, I just know it. The cabinets have been assembled and are being installed on Wednesday and I couldn’t be more excited. I feel like once they’re in, I’ll be able to see the kitchen come to life. After that it’ll be backsplash and then appliances. I feel like then it’ll start to feel real! I CAN’T WAIT!
What should I make in my new kitchen? I’ve been thinking about it for a long time? Should I make something ambitious like a pretty pie or should it be chill…like breakfast? That is TBD!
Let’s talk about this pot of dreaminess right quick.
I’ve been dreaming about lasagna roll-ups FOR A LONG TIME! Why…I have no idea. I think I’ve been spending a lot of time on the Pinterest and sometimes, when I’m really hungry and, like, haven’t eaten all day, I get mesmerized by those long pins. I saw one of lasagna roll-ups and while they might’ve looked a lil’ trashy, I still wanted them!
Here’s my version! I made an eggplant marinara sauce that was soooo tasty, I wanted to put it on spaghetti squash. I also took some ricotta and added some lemon zest and salt and Italian parsley (basically, I flavored it up!).
I took the cooked lasagna sheets and smeared a bit of ricotta on there, added a spoonful of marinara sauce, cheese and then rolled them up.
Honestly, I thought this was going to be a sloppy mess but the ricotta acts like a glue and makes them stay in tact, on their sides.
If for some reason, they slide around and are acting all loosey-goosey, you could easily just put them seam side down.
I miraculously have a basil plant that I haven’t killed…yet. I gave her a name. And her pet name is Susan. She is strong and vibrant and I cannot tell you how shocked I am that she’s alive and thriving under my supervision and guidance.
I’ve purchased basil plants in the past and every. single. time, I kill them. NOT THIS ONE! Here’s what I have done to aide in prolonging its life:
1. She gets all the water she needs.
2. The sun is her friend.
3. I used this thing called Trash Can that Hilton recommended. It’s compostable fertilizer and it has helped a lot.
4. And I trim her all the time, i.e, make pesto.
Every year Josh makes tomato confit and while I’ve always enjoyed the fruits of his labor, I’ve never taken it upon myself to make it…until now! This is an easy-fied version of his method. And it still tastes delicious.
It’s as simple as can be. You just add a few pints of cherry tomatoes to a baking dish, along with some garlic, salt and crushed red pepper and let it cook in the oven for a loooong time. When it’s done, it’s a delicious thing to put on toast, add to pasta and add to any protein like salmon or chicken or tofu. The possibilities are endless.
I decided to add a small batch of pesto to a bowl, top it with a ball of burrata and a few spoonfuls of tomato confit. It was delicious and summer at its best.
xo
I love a regular, classic salad. Yes, I do.
But sometimes I like to choose fun. And for me, that means adding pasta into the mix. Pasta salad is the best kind of salad. We all know this.
I also love the very American seven-layer salads. They look like traditional Americana dishes to me. Something I never grew up with. My mom didn’t make American foods like this, which obviously made me even more curious.
For this post, I teamed up with Classic Yellow Mustard is a summer (and beyond) staple that adds a pop of flavor into all kinds of summer dishes. I usually make dressings with Dijon mustard but this is proof that yellow mustard also has its place in dressings. This one is a creamy herbed dressing that can be used instead of ranch.
I like my pasta salads to have texture, texture and more texture. The radishes and sugar snap peas add lovely texture. It makes it super refreshing and on the lighter side, which might be surprising considering the fact that it’s a straight-up pasta salad.
My favorite part of this salad are all the layers. They make me happy to look at it. I add the dressing to the bottom of the bowl so it doesn’t get all soggy. This can even be made the day ahead and kept in the fridge in this layered form and then quickly tossed together before serving.
It’s cool like that. Serve this salad at your next summer gathering or on the 4th of July.
Every.single.summer for the past few summers, I’ve wanted to go to southern Italy. This urge only really happens in the summer, when photos of orange umbrellas, vangole and glistening shots of the ocean start popping up in my Instagram feed.
I immediately remember how much I loved The Bicycle Thief and 8 1/2 in college–none of which even take place in Southern Italy–but still…Italy! I remember this roasted plum cake that’s made with a delicious plum syrup spiked with balsamic vinegar and Italian pistachios.
I remember my love for aperol spritzes and how delicious they are when I’m sweating on a hot day.
I’m actually going to northern Italy in September but there’s just something about the Amalfi coast in June and July and August that draws me there like a magnet. Maybe next year. Maybe we’ll go for our honeymoon, though Josh is pushing for Asia. THO WE STILL DON’T KNOW WHEN WE’RE ACTUALLY GETTING MARRIED. SMH.
In lieu of my urge to book and flight and head to southern Italy, I figured I’d transport myself and my longing through taste. Through food. Through drank.
I’m starting this adventure with a kick-off to summer: the Aperol spritz.
And all sorts of ways. What else can we put in them besides Prosecco?
I say lots.
When I was in Copenhagen last year, I went to Baest and had one with apple cider and it was BOMB. It was very fall-like so I think that made sense. But now, as we venture into summer, I say let’s be super basic and try it with rosé.
Here she is with rosé:
I started the drink with about 2 to 3 ounces of aperol, another 3 to 4 ounces of rosé and then topped it off with some sparkling water.
And let’s talk about green olives. They’re traditionally served with green olives and at first it seems a little odd but the brininess with the sweetness from the aperol REALLY works.
Last but not least, BEER!
Yes, I know that sounds weird but last week Josh was like, “what if I put IPA in aperol?” And so he did and it was DELICIOUS!
He then googled it and realized he’s not the only one who thought of it lol.
Have I convinced you that you need to make Aperol Spritzes now?!?!
Soft. Fluffy. Luscious. Pillow-y. A dream.
These bao buns are what my carb dreamzzzz are made of. They’re so delicious and soft and before now, I had no idea they were so, so, so simple to make at home.
If you make them the legit AF way, the way you’re supposed to, you’re going to take pork fat and render it and pour it into this bread dough. But, I found that butter (a bit easier to find and deal with) is just as good. I adapted this recipe from David Chang’s recipe.
This dough is so simple, if you’ve ever made, like, cinnamon rolls, this dough is comparable. The milk adds such a nice softness that is so v necessary.
There are two shorter-than-usual rises and then they steam in a basket for only about five minutes. Before doing this, I had never steam-cooked bread and now I’m like, man, what else can I do with this dough?!?! what other dough can i steam?!
It’s dreamy.
I filled them with a super easy filling:
sautéed mushrooms with tons of green onions and sesame seeds
some julienned carrots
sliced cucumbers
and micro greens!
But I also had the super trashy idea of making mini meatballs and making bao buns meatball sandwiches…Josh thinks this idea is the trashiest/best idea in the world. I think it’d be dope but I also think I prefer the snappiness and freshness the cucumbers and carrots and micro greens offer.
Do what you want!
Here’s a link to the steam basket,
I have recently (re)discovered the pleasure of wearing a robe around the house. I have this one, in case you’re curious, and it feels like luxury! I have no idea what I’ve been doing wearing PJs when I could’ve been wearing an incredibly soft robe.
I’m currently parking on the couch (in my robe),  editing a huge bundle of photos, trying to get all of my work done for the rest of the year. I’m THISCLOSE and am so excited. I can’t wait. When I’m done I’m going to do fun-to-me things like go on epic hikes with Amelia before I leave for the holidays. This is going to be the first time I’ll be away from her and I’m already SAD!
I think a lot about Christmas breakfast and how epic I always want it to be. I always love a braided situation. I usually use store-bought puff pastry but I love this bread-y version because oh so delicious.
This recipe comes from Holiday and Celebration Bread in Five Minutes a Day. I love Zoe’s Instagram. It’s maybe one of my favorite. Her recipes always look so incredible. And while at time they look super ambitious, her recipes are 100% doable and dependable.
While I was thumbing through her new book, there were SO many things I wanted to make. I finally narrowed it down to this braided bread loaf with a zest-y cream cheese filling with jam. It was SO good.
The dough is so easy to make. You simply mix everything together. No exhausting kneading, no work lol.
If you want to make it ahead, you 100% can because this tasted so good the next day. You can warm it up in the oven for 10 minutes if you want to eat it warm—which I highly recommend.
Coffee or hot chocolate is a must.
Saturday is a big day for the United States. There is Cinco de Mayo AND The Kentucky Derby. WHAT DO THE AMERICANS DO?!?
I usually don’t celebrate The Kentucky Derby but this year I’m actually going to my friend Whitney’s Derby Party! I can’t wait because I’m excited about drinking a mint julep, fried chicken and a few of these cookies (again).
I’m not really a big gambler because I’d much rather spend gambling money on guaranteed shoes and purses. BUT I’ll be sure to do some research by Saturday. I usually pick the horse with the saddest most emotional story. I want a tear-jerker of a story.
That’s the horse I usually root for and it’s usually the one that loses—so who knows!
A big winner for sure will be these cookies. They’re basically my typical Cozy Chocolate Chip Cookies but with added bourbon and pecans.
They taste bourbon-y and the pecans are delicious. I love them. They’re also super easy to throw together the morning of. I baked a double batch (that’s what you see here) so I could bake the other half of the batch on Saturday.
They’re party bound!
I’m currently flying in the sky headed to Florida to visit some family for the 4th of July. It’s going to be a quick and snappy trip—just how I like it. But first, Aguas Frescas/Agua Fresca!
And I was going to wait to post this recipe next week but I’m having some flight entertainment issues. I downloaded a bunch of episodes of season seven Drag Race for the plane and they didn’t actually download, unfortunately, so I’m bored. I figured I’d share this recipe instead of being bored, so here’s to hoping you have time to make it before the 4th!! If not, then maybe you can make it this weekend or the weekend after. Summer isn’t going anywhere.
In fact, it’s just gearing up. This weekend it’s going to be 105 degrees F in LA. WHUUT! Yes, and I’m getting back just in time for the beautifully warm festivities. You best believe I’m making a big batch of all three for the weekend.
Agua fresca will forever be one of my favorite things about getting Mexican food in LA. The watermelon agua fresca is always my number one go-to.
I shared these recipes in The Year of Cozy but didn’t include the honeydew. Instead, I think there was a recipe for jamaica in there. Man, that book was so long ago. I was thumbing through it the other day and there are SO many things I’d do differently. I think that’s how any creative project goes.
Let’s talk about aguas frescas. They originate in Mexico and translate literally to be “cool waters.” They have other flavors too like tamarindo, agua de horchata and cucumber. They’ll quench and any thirst and they’re amazing on a super hot day.
These don’t necessarily need sugar. The sugar component depends on how ripe the fruit is. If it’s a super ripe melon, it’ll be super pretty sweet and probably won’t need sugar.
I added a bit of sugar to the cantaloupe and honeydew and zero sugar to the watermelon so use your best judgement!
For this post, I teamed up with Gevalia, a coffee brand with a Swedish heritage that is known for making fika (Swedish coffee/snack time) special and delicious.
Easy summer living has been in full effect around these parts.
I’ve been living off of summer-y salads (one of which I’ll be sharing soon!) and have been trying to make plans. We NEVER ever go to the beach. Why?! So Josh and I and a few friends are trying to set some dates down on those calendars and stick to them.
For some reason, when you live on the east side of LA, getting to the beach feels like a huge excursion and commitment but I’m trying to tell myself that sandwiches and iced coffees on the beach will be worth it.
Speaking of iced coffeezzz. We are in what I like to call “Iced Coffee Season.” It’s a season when I rarely drink anything warm, coffee included.
I am a big believer in that fika life because I love taking breaks in the middle of the day to step away from my computer and tasks to just enjoy something in its simplest form.
This drink is a good thing to do it with because the cream (you can also use almond milk) makes it a bit less on the caffeine trip so it’s perfectly enjoyable past 2pm.
This recipe starts with a minty simple syrup. It’s just a combination of sugar and water and fresh mint. After it steeps and cools for about 30 minutes, I like to transfer it to a squeeze bottle and stick it in the fridge. It makes more than you’ll need for two drinks but that’s a good thing!
And then all it is is just lots of ice, minty simple syrup, some Gevalia cold brew concentrate and some cream of choice. It’s minty and fresh and delicious.
The flavor that I used is very vanilla forward which works really well with everything that is going on. I find that some cold brew concentrates are super bitter but not Gevalia’s! It’s super smooth and delicious.
Consider yourselves now prepared for that iced coffee lifestyle for summer!
